blog: Announce SLSA v1.1 (#1326)
slsa-framework/slsa: docs/_posts/2025-04-18-slsa-v1.1.md

---
title: SLSA v1.1 is now Approved!
author: "SLSA Community"
is_guest_post: false
---

Today we’re releasing [SLSA Version 1.1](/spec/v1.1/) as the latest
[Approved Specification] of SLSA, effectively replacing Version 1.0.

Following the [Community Specification] lifecycle, the [SLSA v1.1 Release
Candidate 2](/spec/v1.1-rc2/) specification went through a 2-week review
period during which no major issues were raised. As a result, [SLSA
v1.1](/spec/v1.1/) is now being published as an [Approved Specification].

This release brings several changes aimed at enhancing the clarity and
usability of the v1.0 specification. It also introduces
backwards-compatible clarifications to the SLSA threat model, attestation
model and verification procedure. This includes the addition of verifier
metadata to the Verification Summary Attestation (VSA) format. Please,
refer to the [What's new](/spec/v1.1/whats-new) section for further
details.

SLSA 1.1 is backwards compatible with SLSA 1.0.

> So what’s next? The SLSA specification group has been busy developing
> several new tracks covering areas, such as source and build environment,
> which can be found in the [SLSA Working Draft](/spec/draft/). Although
> nothing is guaranteed these may be published as part of the next version of
> SLSA. You're invited to [join the group](/community) if any of this is of
> interest to you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So what’s next? The SLSA specification group has been busy developing
several new tracks covering critical areas of the software supply chain. Read more about them here in the [future directions](/spec/v1.1/future-directions) section. Come [join the group](/community) and contribute to the next version of SLSA!
```

haha, I started editing this because "of course it would be of interest to them!"
Do we like linking to the draft folder or the future directions page?

Author: I like your version. I think it makes sense to point back to the spec (which is more stable) and it is overall a bit more snappy!
Thanks.
